--- Page 1 ---
Name: Beth Cartrette | DOB: 9/13/1982 | MRN: 4179018 | PCP: Timothy P Kennard, MD | Legal Name: Jennifer Beth Cartrette
Notes from Care Team
 
Subjective
Patient ID: Jennifer Beth Cartrette is a 42 y.o. female.
 
No chief complaint on file.
 
 
 
HPI
History of Pr esent Illness
The patient presents for evaluation of shoulder pain.
She reports persistent shoulder pain, severe over the past 8 weeks, with a sensation of her arm turning blue 
and feeling cold. The pain is constant, with no relief from any position. She describes it as a bone protruding 
from her shoulder, causing pressure on her brachial vein, and suspects a structural abnormality or 
dislocation. She notes purple discoloration of her hand, suggestive of a blood clot. Despite rest, the pain 
persists, radiating down the arm with a burning sensation in the middle. She feels puffiness and swelling in 
the bicep and cannot lay flat due to misalignment. She describes the shoulder popping forward, muscle 
spasms, and difficulty finding the joint. She can raise her arm above her head, but it becomes numb. She 
uses a heating pad, but the arm remains cold and numb. She has a history of costochondritis, rib issues, 
and a sternum abnormality. She has experienced shoulder pain since age 18 and wonders if it is related to 
her EDS diagnosis. She has not eaten today but has consumed water and salt tablets. She suspects 
thoracic outlet syndrome but is concerned about subluxation or dislocation. She has not had a scan in a 
long time. She reports no back pain.
 
 
 
 
 
5/8/2018
MRI shoulder right with contrast
Order: 449860803
Impression
 
IMPRESSION:
1. No visualized rotator cuff or labral tear.
2. Suspected mild strain of the infraspinatus muscle.
 
 
5/8/2018
FL Arthrogram Shoulder Right
Order: 449860802
Impression
 
IMPRESSION:
1. No conventional arthrographic evidence of full thickness rotator cuff tear.
2. Please see the separately dictated post arthrogram MRI for additional findings.
 
 
2/14/2018
XR Shoulder Min 2 Views Right
Order: 449860806
Impression
 
IMPRESSION:
No evidence of acute acute or displaced fracture. No sign of osteomyelitis or other focal bony abnormality. 
No significant degenerative changes. Soft tissues are within normal limits.
 
 
CT Angio Neck
Oﬀice Visit - Jan 29, 2025
with Timothy Kennard, MD at Atrium Health Primary Care Indian Trail Family MedicineProgress Notes
Timothy Kennard, MD at 1/29/2025  3:00 PM
Status: Final result

--- Page 2 ---
 
Study Result
 
 
 
 
Objective
Physical Exam
There were no vitals filed for this visit. 
 
Physical Exam
Constitutional:  
   Appearance: Normal appearance. 
HENT: 
   Head: Normocephalic. 
Eyes: 
   Extraocular Movements: Extraocular movements intact. 
   Conjunctiva/sclera: Conjunctivae normal. 
   Pupils: Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light. 
Cardiovascular: 
   Rate and Rhythm: Normal rate and regular rhythm. 
Pulmonary: 
   Effort: Pulmonary effort is normal. 
   Breath sounds: Normal breath sounds. 
Neurological: 
   Mental Status: She is alert. 
Psychiatric:    
   Mood and Affect: Mood normal. 
 
Physical Exam
Radial pulse strong. Ulnar artery not palpable. Hand remains pink when all pulses clamped, indicating good
blood flow.
 
 
Results
 
 
Assessment and Plan
 
1. Mixed hyperlipidemia (Primary)
Recent labs showed high cholesterol with significant change from previous results.  Recheck screening labs
- Comprehensive Metabolic Panel
- Lipid Panel
 
2. Hashimoto's thyroiditis
Question about accuracy of last set of lab work as did have significant abnormalities that were not acute 
change.  Recheck thyroid levels and reassess recent blood sugar was elevated.  Recheck glucose, A1c
- T4, Free
- TSH
 
3. IGT (impaired glucose tolerance)
As above
- Comprehensive Metabolic Panel
- Hemoglobin A1C With Estimated Average Glucose
 
4. Chronic right shoulder pain
Ongoing chronic pain in the right shoulder and arm.  Acute worsening since Sunday.  Check x-rays and 
reassess
- XR Shoulder Minimum 2 Views Right; Future
 
5. Right arm pain
With concerns for thoracic outlet or vascular abnormality, check ultrasound right upper arm.  Does have 
pending evaluation with vascular
- XR Shoulder Minimum 2 Views Right; Future
 
6. Bipolar affective disorder, remission status unspecified (CMD)
Mood overall stable.  Continue to monitor
 
7. PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder)
As aboveNarrative & Impression
DATE OF SERVICE:
12/31/2024 11:41 am
 
EXAM:
CT ANGIOGRAPHY OF THE NECK WITH CONTRAST
 IMPRESSION:
Unremarkable CTA of the neck. Patent neck arterial vasculature
with no flow-limiting stenosis, pseudoaneurysm, or dissection. No
abnormal vasculature in the region of the temporal bones.
 

--- Page 3 ---
 
8. EDS (Ehlers-Danlos syndrome)
With chronic ongoing right shoulder pain.  Reassess as above
 
9. POTS (postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome)
Blood pressure stable today
 
 
 
Electronically signed:
Timothy P Kennard, MD
1/29/2025  7:59 AM
MyChart® licensed from Epic Systems Corporation© 1999 - 2025

