Patient ID:  Jennifer Beth Cartrette is a 39 y.o. (DOB 9/13/1982) female. 

Subjective
 
Patient presents with•Joint Pain

Pt states that she has been having chronic pain and intense pain on a daily process and have noticed visible swelling on her joints.

39-year-old female with long history joint issues of she has a diagnosis of psoriatic arthritis. Patient states no abnormal weight changes she continues to have diffuse myofascial pain and joint pain. Patient continues to have swelling in her joints was under the care of rheumatology was put on Humira at some point. She was concerned about this in conjunction with the pandemic. She has had increased pain, she does have a history of abnormal thyroid her last TSH shows euthyroid, she has constant fatigue she works a lot of hours however the increase in pain is causing issues prednisone seems to work for her. She would like to go back and see the rheumatologist she was seen previous, last night she was putting cellophane around her arm and her shoulder due to the chronic pain anti-inflammatories of her no help
 
Lots joint pain
Hx of abn thyroid studies


History
PMH, PSH, allergies, SH, and FH were reviewed and updated.  

Review of Systems
Review of Systems

Objective
BP 120/80 (BP Location: Left arm, Patient Position: Sitting)  | Pulse 96  | Temp 98.1 °F (36.7 °C) (Oral)  | Ht 5' 3" (1.6 m)  | Wt 146 lb (66.2 kg)  | LMP 10/05/2021  | SpO2 99%  | BMI 25.86 kg/m²  
General:  Well Developed, Well Nourished, A/O X 3 appears uncomfortable
HEENT: PERRLA, Nares Nl, OP Nl, B EAC and TM Nl 
Neck:  Supple, No LAD No thyromegaly or bruits tenderness in the upper cervical musculature and trapezial musculature
CV:  S1S2, RRR s MGR 
Lungs:  CTA No wheezes or rhonchi
Abd:  BS active, soft, NTND, No HSM/Masses 
Skin:  No Focal Rashes 
Extremities:  No C/C/E.  DP/PT 2+
Neuro:  No focal deficits, CN II-XII intact 

Impression

1.
Arthralgia, unspecified joint 
Uric A+ESR-Wes+ANA+RA Qn
Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology
Comprehensive Metabolic Panel
2.Psoriatic arthritis (*) 
Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology
CANCELED: Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology
3.Polyarthralgia 
CANCELED: Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology
4.Hashimoto's thyroiditis 
TSH
Thyroxine (T4)
Triiodothyronine (T3)
Thyroid Peroxidase Antibody
Anti-thyroglobulin antibody
5.Chronic right shoulder pain 
ketorolac tromethamine (TORADOL) injection 60 mg
Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology
6.Other fatigue 
CBC And Differential
 

Plan
Check labs make further recommendations from there due to her discomfort I gave her a prescription for prednisone and a shot of Toradol in the office she will follow up with rheumatology consider pain management as well patient is amenable to treatment plan

Orders Placed This Encounter
Procedures•TSH
•Thyroxine (T4)
•Uric A+ESR-Wes+ANA+RA Qn
•Triiodothyronine (T3)
•Comprehensive Metabolic Panel
•CBC And Differential
•Thyroid Peroxidase Antibody
•Anti-thyroglobulin antibody
•Ambulatory referral to Rheumatology


Patient's Medications Accurate as of October 19, 2021  3:43 PM. Reflects encounter med changes as of last refresh

Continued Medications  Instructions
* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

HUMIRA PEN CF 40 MG/0.4ML Pnkt injection
Generic drug: Adalimumab
Inject 1 pen (40 mg dose) under the skin once every 14 days.

mupirocin 2 % ointment
Commonly known as: BACTROBAN
Topical, 2 times a day

naproxen sodium 220 mg tablet
Commonly known as: ALEVE
440 mg, Oral, Two times a day with meals

Naproxen-Esomeprazole 500-20 MG Tbec per DR tablet
Commonly known as: VIMOVO
1 tablet, Oral, 2 times a day

ondansetron 4 mg disintegrating tablet
Commonly known as: ZOFRAN-ODT
TAKE 1 TABLET BY MOUTH EVERY 8 HOURS AS NEEDED FOR NAUSEA FOR UP TO 15 DOSES

trazodone 300 MG tablet
Commonly known as: DESYREL
300 mg, Oral, At bedtime as needed



 * This list has 3 medication(s) that are the same as other medications prescribed for you. Read the directions carefully, and ask your doctor or other care provider to review them with you.

Modified Medications  Instructions
* RAYOS 5 MG Tbec
Generic drug: predniSONE
What changed: Another medication with the same name was added. Make sure you understand how and when to take each.
Changed by: Eric W Starr, PA
10 mg, Oral, At bedtime

* predniSONE 20 mg tablet
Commonly known as: DELTASONE
What changed: You were already taking a medication with the same name, and this prescription was added. Make sure you understand how and when to take each.
Changed by: Eric W Starr, PA
3 tabs po qd for 3 days, 2 tabs po qd for 3 days, 1 tab po qd for 3 days



 * This list has 2 medication(s) that are the same as other medications prescribed for you. Read the directions carefully, and ask your doctor or other care provider to review them with you.


Risks, benefits, and alternatives of the medications and treatment plan prescribed today were discussed, and patient expressed understanding. 
Follow up if symptoms worsen or fail to improve, for Pending labs.

Each illness was discussed in detail and medications were outlined and reviewed with regards to interactions. The complexity of each diagnosis was taken into account when determining the level of service for this visit. 

This note was dictated using voice recognition software. Similar sounding words can inadvertently get transcribed and not corrected upon review. Please do not hesitate to call me at 704-316-1265 with any questions.
