Patient Education
 
Wound Care Discharge Instructions 
About this topic 
A wound is an injury to the skin that “breaks” the barrier to the outside. The skin protects the inside of the body from the outside world. When the skin is damaged or broken open, the wound can become infected or bleed.
Cuts and scrapes are one type of wound. You may also hear these called abrasions. Scrapes on the surface leave deeper skin layers in place. These are often caused by friction or rubbing against a rough surface.
Another kind is a puncture wound. This comes from something like a bite or stepping on a nail. Puncture wounds are caused by a pointed or sharp object, such as a nail, needle, or tooth entering the skin. Bleeding can be very little, and the wound may be barely obvious. Bites from a human or an animal always have germs in them and need extra care.
A laceration is a cut on your skin. It is most often caused by a sharp object like a knife blade, glass, or from other things with sharp edges. If the cut is shallow, it does not need stitches.
 
What care is needed at home? 
Ask your doctor what you need to do when you go home. Make sure you ask questions if you do not understand what the doctor says.
Talk to your doctor about how to care for your wound. Ask your doctor about:
When you should change your bandages. Your doctor may tell you to keep your wound covered to protect it from dirt and germs until it is fully healed. Use a telfa pad so it does not stick to the wound. Ask your doctor if you should use petroleum jelly or an antibiotic skin ointment.
When you may take a bath or shower. Most often the doctor will tell you to keep your wound clean and dry for the first 24 hours. After 24 hours, you can gently wash the wound with soap and water or take a shower unless your doctor tells you to care for your wound differently. Do not take a tub bath or swim with an open wound.
Do not rub the wound or take off any small strips of tape.
Always wash your hands before and after touching the wound.
Each time you change the dressing, look closely at the wound to be sure it is healing the right way. The wound may have a yellowish discharge and this is normal.
Avoid picking the scab or scratching the site which may cause more irritation.
What follow-up care is needed? 
Your doctor may ask you to make visits to the office to check on your progress. Be sure to keep these visits.
What drugs may be needed? 
The doctor may order drugs to:
Help with pain
Prevent or fight an infection
You may need to have a tetanus shot.
Will physical activity be limited? 
Limit your activity until your wound is fully healed. Talk to your doctor about the right amount of activity for you.
Your doctor will tell you when it is safe to return to sports. Be sure to ask your doctor before you do any activities.
What problems could happen? 
Bleeding
Infection
Scarring
Poor healing
When do I need to call the doctor? 
Signs of infection. These include a fever of 100.4°F (38°C) or higher, chills, or wound that will not heal.
Signs of wound infection. These include swelling, redness, warmth around the wound; too much pain when touched; greenish or bloody discharge; foul smell coming from the wound; wound opens up.
If you think that there may be something in the wound that was not removed such as glass or a wood splinter
Teach Back: Helping You Understand 
The Teach Back Method helps you understand the information we are giving you. After you talk with the staff, tell them in your own words what you learned. This helps to make sure the staff has described each thing clearly. It also helps to explain things that may have been confusing. Before going home, make sure you can do these:
I can tell you about my wound.
I can tell you how to care for my wound.
I can tell you what I will do if I have swelling, redness, or warmth around my wound.
Where can I learn more? 
American Academy of Pediatrics
https://www.healthychildren.org/English/health-issues/injuries-emergencies/Pages/Treating-Cuts.aspx 
Better Health Channel
https://www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au/health/conditionsandtreatments/skin-cuts-and-abrasions 
Kids Health
http://kidshealth.org/en/teens/wounds.html?ref=search 
Last Reviewed Date 
2019-09-13
Consumer Information Use and Disclaimer 
This information is not specific medical advice and does not replace information you receive from your health care provider. This is only a brief summary of general information. It does NOT include all information about conditions, illnesses, injuries, tests, procedures, treatments, therapies, discharge instructions or life-style choices that may apply to you. You must talk with your health care provider for complete information about your health and treatment options. This information should not be used to decide whether or not to accept your health care provider’s advice, instructions or recommendations. Only your health care provider has the knowledge and training to provide advice that is right for you.
Copyright 
Copyright © 2020 UpToDate, Inc. and its affiliates and/or licensors. All rights reserved.

