Jennifer Beth Cartrette is a 39 y.o. (DOB 9/13/1982) female presents today with chief complaint of 
Chief Complaint
Patient presents with•ADD

Psychiatrist left, cannot get in with new Dr until September, office would not refill her medication

39-year-old female with a history of ADHD history of bipolar affective disorder she has been been followed by psychiatry with relief of her symptoms she is on Adderall 20 mg 3 times daily, patient is asking to have her Adderall bridge until she can see psychiatry again in September as her psychiatrist is left the practice and the first available appointment is not for 3 months patient has no dose escalation PDMP reviewed no concerns seen
Patient also needs a referral to see a dermatologist she has had a skin disorder complicated by staph infections in the past patient states she could not get in with her previous dermatologist.  She has a history of intermittent vomiting episodes this is not new this is going on for a while and she has not yet seen a gastroenterologist there is a family history of irritable bowel disease she believes some form of colitis in the family she has intermittent abdominal pain she states she has had ulcers in the past.  As well as an eating disorder in the distant past of anorexia with bulimia patient has a history of psoriatic arthritis and is followed by rheumatology, patient has history of diagnosis of Graves' disease she had work-up by endocrinology her TSH has improved

Review of Systems
Review of Systems 
Constitutional: Positive for fatigue. Negative for fever and unexpected weight change. 
HENT: Negative for nosebleeds.  
Eyes: Negative for pain and visual disturbance. 
Respiratory: Negative for chest tightness and shortness of breath.  
Cardiovascular: Negative for chest pain, palpitations and leg swelling. 
Gastrointestinal: Positive for abdominal pain. Negative for diarrhea and nausea. 
Endocrine: Negative for cold intolerance, heat intolerance, polydipsia, polyphagia and polyuria. 
Musculoskeletal: Positive for arthralgias and myalgias. 
Skin: Positive for rash. 
Neurological: Negative for dizziness, weakness, light-headedness, numbness and headaches. 
Psychiatric/Behavioral: Positive for decreased concentration. Negative for self-injury, sleep disturbance and suicidal ideas. The patient is not nervous/anxious.  



Past Medical History, Past Surgery History, Allergies, Social History, and Family History were reviewed and updated. 

Objective

BP 126/84  | Pulse 112  | Ht 5' 3" (1.6 m)  | Wt 146 lb (66.2 kg)  | SpO2 97%  | BMI 25.86 kg/m² 
General:  Well Developed, Well Nourished, A/O x 3.
HEENT: Normocephalic, PERRLA, Conjunctiva normal, Bilateral EAC/TM normal, Nares normal, Oropharynx normal.
Neck:  no lymphadenopathy
CV:  S1S2, RRR without murmur, rub, or gallop
Lungs:  CTA with normal effort
Abdomen:  BS active, soft, NTND, No HSM/Masses 
Skin:  No Focal Rashes 
Extremities:  No C/C/E.  DP/PT 2+
Neuro:  No focal deficits



LABS/IMAGING:
No results found for this or any previous visit (from the past 24 hour(s)).

Impression

1.
ADHD (attention deficit hyperactivity disorder), combined type 
amphetamine-dextroamphetamine (ADDERALL) 20 MG tablet
2.Bipolar affective disorder, remission status unspecified (*) 

3.Immunodeficiency due to drugs (*) 

4.Nausea 
ondansetron (ZOFRAN-ODT) 4 mg disintegrating tablet
5.Graves disease 
TSH+Free T4
T3
T3
TSH+Free T4
6.Facial rash 
Ambulatory referral to Dermatology
7.Vomiting, intractability of vomiting not specified, presence of nausea not specified, unspecified vomiting type 
Ambulatory referral to Gastroenterology
8.Abdominal pain, unspecified abdominal location 
Ambulatory referral to Gastroenterology
9.Psoriatic arthritis (*) 

 

Plan

Lengthy discussion with patient regarding her symptoms, PDMP reviewed no concerns seen stable on current dose of Adderall, follow-up with psychiatry I did tell her I would bridge her until she sees psychiatry and then management can transition back to them.  I did refer to dermatology for further evaluation of persistent intermittent rash, also referred to GI with past history of ulcers and intermittent vomiting symptoms.  Chart reviewed in detail with patient
With past history of Graves' disease diagnosis due for TSH labs ordered make further recommendations may need to go back to Endo

Patient voices understanding.

The following tests were done today: 
Orders Placed This Encounter
Procedures•TSH+Free T4
•T3
•Ambulatory referral to Dermatology
•Ambulatory referral to Gastroenterology


Medications from today's visit:

Patient's Medications Accurate as of June 8, 2022 11:59 PM. Reflects encounter med changes as of last refresh

Continued Medications  Instructions
chlorhexidine 0.12% solution
Commonly known as: PERIDEX
SMARTSIG:1 Capful(s) By Mouth 3 Times Daily

folic acid 1 mg tablet
1 mg, Oral, Daily

methotrexate 2.5 MG tablet
10 mg, Oral, Weekly

mupirocin 2 % ointment
Commonly known as: BACTROBAN
Topical, 2 times a day

ondansetron 4 mg disintegrating tablet
Commonly known as: ZOFRAN-ODT
4 mg, Oral, Every 8 hours as needed



Modified Medications  Instructions
amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
What changed: Another medication with the same name was removed. Continue taking this medication, and follow the directions you see here.
Changed by: Eric W Starr, PA
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day



Discontinued Medications naproxen sodium 220 mg tablet
Commonly known as: ALEVE
Stopped by: Eric W Starr, PA




I have reviewed the information contained in this note and personally verified its accuracy.  I obtained the history of present illness and personally performed the physical exam

Risks, benefits, and alternatives of the medications and treatment plan prescribed today were discussed, and patient expressed understanding. Plan follow-up as discussed or as needed if any worsening symptoms or change in condition.  

A yearly preventative health exam was recommended and current age based recommendations were discussed.

 
Eric W Starr, PA
06/09/2022, 5:13 PM 
