Patient ID:  Jennifer Beth Cartrette is a 38 y.o. (DOB 9/13/1982) female. 

Subjective
 
Patient presents with•Laceration

left thumb, cut with knife at work yesterday around 4o'clock, went to ED but wait was too long
 
38-year-old female chief complaint last night while at work she was cutting meat and cut her left thumb with a knife went under the nail and nailbed, patient went to the emergency room and waited for 3 hours and left without being seen she did have an x-ray while waiting and it was normal just showing mild degenerative changes of the first CMC joint otherwise normal read by the radiologist patient states she cleaned it thoroughly and has kept it wrapped all night she is not having active bleeding some pain she does have some sensory changes from a previous laceration of the proximal thumb on the same hand patient is up-to-date with her tetanus shot patient states no loss of strength
History
PMH, PSH, allergies, SH, and FH were reviewed and updated.  

Review of Systems
Review of Systems 
Constitutional: Negative for fatigue, fever and unexpected weight change. 
HENT: Negative for nosebleeds.  
Eyes: Negative for pain and visual disturbance. 
Respiratory: Negative for chest tightness and shortness of breath.  
Cardiovascular: Negative for chest pain, palpitations and leg swelling. 
Gastrointestinal: Negative for diarrhea, nausea and vomiting. 
Endocrine: Negative for cold intolerance, heat intolerance, polydipsia, polyphagia and polyuria. 
Skin: Positive for wound. 
Neurological: Negative for dizziness, weakness, light-headedness, numbness and headaches. 


Objective
BP 122/72  | Pulse 80  | Ht 5' 3" (1.6 m)  | Wt 140 lb (63.5 kg)  | SpO2 98%  | BMI 24.80 kg/m²  
General:  Well Developed, Well Nourished, A/O X 3 
HEENT: PERRLA, Nares Nl, OP Nl, B EAC and TM Nl 
Neck:  Supple, No LAD No thyromegaly or bruits
CV:  S1S2, RRR s MGR 
Lungs:  CTA No wheezes or rhonchi
Abd:  BS active, soft, NTND, No HSM/Masses 
Skin:  No Focal Rashes 
Extremities:  No C/C/E.  DP/PT 2+
Neuro:  No focal deficits, CN II-XII intact 
Left thumb just lateral of midline of tip of thumbnail and nail bed, well approximated wound edges extending through the nail 2 to 3 mm looks like an avulsion type injury the wound edge is approximated very well through in the nail remains intact there is no active bleeding she has normal range of motion of flexion versus extension
Impression

1.
Open wound of left thumb, initial encounter 
cephALEXin (KEFLEX) 500 mg capsule
 

Plan
Laceration looks like a clean cut to the tip of the nail is well approximated she soaked it in hydrogen peroxide and saline for 20 to 30 minutes in the office it was then cleaned and a nonstick dressing followed by Coban applied she works in a kitchen we discussed wound care I did place her on prophylactic antibiotics need to look more into if she has had tetanus in the past concern she is having Covid vaccine tomorrow hold off on tetanus unless she needs it she can return to office after Covid vaccines and get it done she can send her immunization records into the MyChart update and abstract look for any signs of redness swelling discharge change dressing daily
No orders of the defined types were placed in this encounter.


Patient's Medications Accurate as of April 13, 2021 12:38 PM. Reflects encounter med changes as of last refresh

New Prescriptions  Instructions
cephALEXin 500 mg capsule
Commonly known as: KEFLEX
Started by: Eric W Starr, PA
500 mg, Oral, 3 times a day



Continued Medications  Instructions
* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

* amphetamine-dextroamphetamine 20 MG tablet
Commonly known as: ADDERALL
20 mg, Oral, 3 times a day

HUMIRA PEN CF 40 MG/0.4ML Pnkt injection
Generic drug: Adalimumab
Inject 1 pen (40 mg dose) under the skin once every 14 days.

mupirocin 2 % ointment
Commonly known as: BACTROBAN
Topical, 2 times a day

naproxen sodium 220 mg tablet
Commonly known as: ALEVE
440 mg, Oral, Two times a day with meals

Naproxen-Esomeprazole 500-20 MG Tbec per DR tablet
Commonly known as: VIMOVO
1 tablet, Oral, 2 times a day

RAYOS 5 MG Tbec
Generic drug: predniSONE
10 mg, Oral, At bedtime

traZODone 100 MG tablet
Commonly known as: DESYREL
100 mg, Oral, At bedtime as needed, Take 1-2 tabs as needed for insomnia



 * This list has 3 medication(s) that are the same as other medications prescribed for you. Read the directions carefully, and ask your doctor or other care provider to review them with you.

Modified Medications  Instructions
ondansetron 4 mg disintegrating tablet
Commonly known as: ZOFRAN ODT
What changed: Another medication with the same name was removed. Continue taking this medication, and follow the directions you see here.
Changed by: Eric W Starr, PA
4 mg, Oral, Every 8 hours as needed




Risks, benefits, and alternatives of the medications and treatment plan prescribed today were discussed, and patient expressed understanding. 
Follow up if symptoms worsen or fail to improve.

Each illness was discussed in detail and medications were outlined and reviewed with regards to interactions. The complexity of each diagnosis was taken into account when determining the level of service for this visit. 

This note was dictated using voice recognition software. Similar sounding words can inadvertently get transcribed and not corrected upon review. Please do not hesitate to call me at 704-316-1265 with any questions.
